Hello everybody and welcome. My name is Daniel Tuhigg and I am a PhD student in Henrietta Nielsen's lab here at the Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics at Stockholm University. Today I'm going to talk to you about statistics, specifically the different levels of measurement, the different types of data distributions, and the different types of statistical tests that you can perform. This is just meant to be a general starting point and a general overview
 of statistics and you can dive much further into the field if you wish. But please, if you have any questions, feel free to ask me. My email address is at the bottom in blue. So again, feel free to contact me with any questions. You may be asking yourself, why should I really care about statistics anyhow? And I think a very poignant answer is found in a survey that was given by the journal Nature. They had 1,500 replies from various
 researchers around the world. And of the 1,500 replies, 90% agreed that there is some sort of crisis in terms of reproducibility of the scientific literature currently. And this extends up until today, even though this was in 2016. By reproducibility, this means the ability to reproduce experiments that have been published in the scientific literature. And as you can see here, 52% thought that this is a significant issue.
 And a little under 40% thought that yes, this is a crisis, but it's not as severe as these 52% thought. However, the take home from this is that 90% thought that this is an issue. So when they asked these same people what they thought might help to remedy the situation, what might you do to fix the current crisis of reproducibility, the number one answer was a better understanding of statistics.
 So I hope this gives you pause for thought about reproducibility of reproducibility of your own data. So I hope this gives you pause for thought about reproducibility of your own data and in general about things that you read in the literature as well. You have to be a critical thinker. Anyhow, let's get started with the real meat of the presentation. So again, today I'm going to be talking about levels of measurement, data distributions, and statistical tests. So let's get started with levels of measurement.
 So let's get started with levels of measurement.
 So let's get started with levels of measurement.
 examples of continuous variables.
 The same would be true for temperature and the same would be true for temperature and the same would be true for time. If you were to have a more human way to think about continuous variables with this group here, different continuous variables you could have would be age. You could also have height, which is a continuous variable. And you could also take the blood pressure, which is also a continuous variable.
 Now we're going to talk about categorical variables. And specifically, or we're going to talk about categorical variables. And specifically, or we're going to talk about categorical variables. And specifically, ordinal variables. What are ordinal variables. Ordinal variables are categories that are ordered similar to continuous variables where there is an intrinsic order associated with the categories. However, the differences between the categories are not equal. I'm going to make this a little bit clearer in a second. Ordinal values can have a zero, but it's an
 arbitrary zero.
 So, let's go from left to right. If you think about the person on the left. If you think about the person on the left. If you think about the person on the left being, let's say, let's say, very happy, very mobile, very healthy, let's say, very happy, very mobile, very healthy, let's say, very happy, very mobile, very healthy. The person on the right, let's assume that they're very sick, so they're not very happy, they're not very healthy, and they are not very happy, very healthy, and they are not very mobile, being that they're probably unconscious right now.
 So we can categorized.
 We can also talk about their mobility again. We can talk about their mobility again. From left to right, very mobile, very mobile, very mobile, very mobile, very mobile, very mobile, very mobile, very mobile, and on the far right, very mobile, very mobile, very mobile, and on the far right, not mobile, very mobile, very mobile, and on the far right, not mobile, very mobile, and on the far right, not mobile, not mobile, whatsoever. This is ordinal categories, ordinal variables. And we can talk about their health status. Person on the left, the most healthy, the person on the right, the least healthy, the person on the middle, or somewhere in between. So again, these are ordinal categories. They would be ordinal variables.
 The last category in levels of measurement. The last category in levels of measurement. The last category in levels of measurement I'm going to talk about are categorical nominal variables. So nominal variables are similar in a way to ordinal variables. However, they do not have any order associated with the categories. And similar to ordinal variables, you cannot assign a value to the differences between the categories. There is no true or arbitrary zero, and
 similar to ordinal variables. This again is qualitative, not quantitative data. So let me give you some examples. We have these lovely cell images here. On the left, we have halos cells. The middle, we have Purkinje neurons. And on the right, we have myocytes, which are muscle cells. We could separate these then into different types of nominal variables and groups. If we were to talk about the cell type, there's no order in the cell types. There are just groups. So this would
 be nominal variables. If we talked about the cell types of the cell types. If we talked about the cell types of colors. If we talked about the cell types of colors. If we talked about the cell types of colors. If we talked about the cell types of colors, there's no set intervals and there's no order in terms of colors. So this again would be nominal variables. And lastly, the region of the body that these come from. Again, that would just be categories with no order and no distinct interval that you can measure that separates the category. So let me give you another general example of what I'm talking about.
 Here we have a wall of shoes. Here we have a wall of shoes. If we were to think of shoe size. If we were to think of shoe size. Shoe size would be a, well, it would be a continuous variable because these are numbers. They have order. The distance in between 48 and 49 is the same between 49 and 50. They're all set intervals. There's a true zero. This would be continuous variables. If we were to talk about the shoe model, however,
 these would be nominal variables. Because there is no order. There is no difference that we can measure between the different models of shoes. They're just different categories. However, if we talked about the popularity of the models, there would be an order to that. So those would be ordinal variables. If we took a more biomedical example, if you looked at the chart here on the left of blood donor
 types and blood donor recipient types and blood donation,
 in terms of how many other different blood types,
 a continuous variables. If we talked about the volume of blood. If we talked about the volume of blood taken from the donors, this would be a continuous variable because you're taking volumes. These are things you can measure. These are numbers. There are set distances between them and there is a true zero as well. Next, we're going to talk about data distributions. And this is very important going forward to understanding
 how statistical tests. All statistical tests. All statistical tests are based on assumptions about how your data is distributed. Meaning how your data is spread. We can talk about distributions generally with different types of curves. And the most well known is the bell curve which follows in general normal distributions. So I've made a normal distribution here that I'm going to be using throughout
 the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of these examples.
 So I've been using our data.
 that one plus or minus standard deviation from our mean this black arrow area here. This encompasses roughly 68% of all of our data. Normal distributions at two standard deviations encompass roughly 95% of the data. And at three standard deviations in normal distributions you're encompassing almost all 99.73% of the data. So these are rules for
 that all of the test that you run assuming that all of the test that you run assuming are going on with your data. Really good little trick. A sure thing you can use when you're doing quick little checks of your data to see if your distributions are normal or not. I'm going to get into more sophisticated ways you can do this. But with normal distributions the mean and the median are always roughly the same. In our example here our mean again is about 30,000 29,886 and our median is quite close.
 So our mean and our median is a sure sign that we have a normal distribution. So our median is a sure sign that we have a normal distribution. So if you are forget or unclear what a median is the median is the median is a number that occurs when you take all of the values. If I took all of the incomes here and line them up from the least to the most it would be the value that lies right in the middle of the list. So the example on the bottom here is I have a
 I have a seven number list and if I align it from the least value to the most value to the most value to the most value the value that lies right in the middle is 5. So that would be my median. Say I increase this by one so I have an odd number of numbers right in the middle. I would just take the average of these two which would be 5.5. You can have bell curves that become a little bit more pointy or they become a little bit flatter. This can indicate that your
 distribution might not be normal distribution might not be normal distribution might not be normal. But these are also normal distributions too. So again you really have to be a critical thinker when you're doing statistics. But these a little bit pointy a little bit flatter distributions we call this kurtosis. When it's a little bit pointier meaning that the standard deviations decrease this is called leptokurtosis. So if you compare this leptokurtic distribution in yellow with a green bell curve
 with our known mean standard deviation this new leptokurtic distribution has a much tighter standard deviation around the mean so it only deviates by about 5,000 on either side of 30,000 as compared to our base example which is about a 10,000 difference plus or minus 30,000. I've tested these things these distributions to make sure that this green distribution here is normal and I again will tell you how to do that.
 So this is still a little bit more.
 So I'm going to tell you how to do that.
 I'm going to tell you how to do that.
 I'm going to tell you how to do that.
 this is when you really flatten the curve and really spread the data over a really wide range of incomes and this as you can see in this example here. So compared to our blue known example again this non normal platycardic distribution has a really really big standard deviation that encompasses a huge range and this violates again the rules of how many standard deviations your data has to lie within.
 So in this left skewed distribution we have a large distribution distribution
 very different median and mean and this is the first
 and you can see compared to our example we have a much much different mean as well. But again I really mess with this data so the most important thing is to look at this and to see that our mean and our median distribution are much different. Therefore this doesn't follow a normal distribution and this is non normal and we have to treat it like that later on when we run our tests. We can also have the opposite when we have all of our data lying to the right and we call that a right skewed distribution.
 So instead of having all of our mean and our mean and our median again are much different.
 We have two variables in specific. We usually talk about them with their means and their standard deviations. However, if our distributions violate the rules of normality and they're not normal distributions like I just showed you before. We have to talk about them using their median and their IQR or interquartile range. So I'm going to explain to you right now what I'm talking about when I talk about how you talk about non normal distributions of the median IQR and how you find these things.
 So when you find these things out. So when you find these things out. So when you find these things out. So when you find these things out. So when you have non normal data you have to rank it. So you have to put the values in order from least to greatest. And then as you know our median will always be the middle value. So if we have our lower half of our data, our line data here and upper half, our median would be 40. And if we were further subdivide this then into quarters, we could have a lower quarter, an upper quarter, and two medium quarters.
 So our median lies at the interface of these two middle quarters. So our median lies at the interface of these two middle quarters. And then our quartiles would lie at the boundaries of our lower quarter and our lower middle quarter. I guess you would call this and our upper middle quarter and our upper quarter right here. So you have to define what the number is here, what the number is here, what the number is here, what the number is here, what the number is here, numbers here, numbers here. And these are called your quartiles.
 So our quartiles. So our quartiles. So our quartiles would lie at the interface of the lowest quarter and the medium quarter. Our third quartiles would lie at the boundary of our upper quartiles. And this middle quartiles here. And then we can call our median quartiles too, but usually you just refer to it as the median. So how do you find out what your first and third quartiles are? If we have a more complicated set of data. Again, you just find that and you
 find the average of the average of the numbers. So like we find the average of the numbers. So like we find the average of the numbers. So like we did when we had a median that had two numbers lying in the middle, we take the average of the two. So right here we have 31 and 35 at the interface of our quartile range. So we take these two values, add them together, find the average. So our first quartile would be 33. And if you look at our third quartile, we would take the average of these two numbers and that would be 45. So then we could also find the range between this value and
 this value and this value. This would be called our interquartile range, which I referred to in the previous slide, the IQR. So the IQR would be 45 minus 33, which would be 12. So why is this important? Why do we care about Q1, Q3 and all of this stuff? Well, this is important because how we report the data. And there's a common way to do this. I'm sure a lot of you have seen box and whisker plots, but really don't understand what they're based on and what the numbers are based on.
 So what the numbers are really what the plots are really telling you. So this is our same number list again, our same non normal distribution lined up. We have our median, we have our first quartile, third quartile. And this time I'm also outlining our minimum value and our maximum value. So we can make a very lovely, simple, a plot called the box and whisker plot that encompasses all of these values in a nice little package. So if you make a box and we make the lower boundary quartile,
 we make a box and we make a box and we make a box and we make a box and we make a box and we make a box and we make a box. So again, the box represents the first quartile. So the boundary of the box represents the first quartile and the third quartile. The middle line is always the median, not to mean, but the median. Then the whiskers of the box
 represent the first quartile and the second quartile. So the minimum value represent the maximum value represent the maximum value of our data set and the minimum value. If we have really large data sets, we actually have to apply an equation to figure out our minimum and our maximum. And I'll show you those equations at the bottom of the screen here. So let me show you an example of this. I can take our normal distribution and I can talk about it with the box and whisker just for example sake. You don't, you really wouldn't want to talk about normal data with the box and whisker because there's other ways, like I said,
 mean and standard deviation. But I'm just using this as an example because our median and our median and our median and our median and our median and our median and our median and our median and our median are exactly the same in normal distributions. So it's a nice example and you're familiar with this. So we know that our median is about 30,000 like we talked about before. And when I did the analysis of my statistical software, it told me the first quartile and third quartile. Advanced statistical software will always do this for you. It will always give you a list of your normal distribution statistics, your non
 normal statistics. So these are things I wouldn't worry about having to calculate. These things are generally calculated for you. You just have to be able to recognize them and understand what they mean. And that's the most important thing. So like I said on the previous slide, if we have our first quartile and third quartile, we can find the range between these and the range would then be the distance of the boundaries of the box. That would be our interquartile range. So the difference is about 14,000 euro. And because our data
 set is big, we have to set is big, we have to use those equations like I showed before to figure out our minimum, our maximum, our minimum, our maximum, excuse me, and our minimum values because we're going to have outliers. So when I apply the formula, I find out that our calculated minimum is about two and a half thousand euro and our calculated maximum is about 57,000 euro and we're going to have some outliers. So this is what a box and whisker means. But again, don't apply these to normal distributions. I'm just using a normal distribution as a teaching tool to
 show you how a box and whisker works. But you generally only use these if your data follows a non normal distribution. So things to think about when you're looking at your data and you're looking at other people's data, you have to think realistically about their output, the samples that they're using, and the quality of their data and of your data as well. Another important consideration is sample size. If you have
 10 people and a few of them are doing some really weird things that you think aren't a good representation of the population, do you think that if you had 100 people, you would have just as many people having these weird effects or would that still only be in only a couple of people? Because if you had 100 people, then those few weird or people with strange measurements wouldn't have so much of an effect on your statistics at 100.
 But a few people with really strange measurements at a data set of only 10 people would have dramatic effect on your statistics. And this example again, if you had 1000 people, then the effect of a few people would be minimized even more, it would actually pretty much almost be nothing. So these are things you have to think about. And you also have to think about again, like I was just saying outliers are a couple of points really messing up your data. Do you need to have those?
 Do you need to have those points? Do you need to have those points? Do you need to have those points? Do you need to have those points? Do they mean something important to what you're doing? Or can you discount those? These are important things to consider because sometimes you can leave out outliers. Sometimes you have to use them, but you have to justify it with sound scientific reasoning. So the last part of this presentation, we're going to talk about statistical tests and statistical testing. So essentially, what do you want to test and how do you test it?
 So you want to test it?
 Say categorical variables and not continuous variables. You might need to run different tests. You might need to run different tests. You might need to run different tests. You might need to run different tests as well. So these are all things you have to consider before you start running your tests. There's other things that we've heard about that are commonly run or called correlations, which show you if things are related to each other. So is an increase or a decrease in x related to an increase or decrease in y? So you're looking for relationships. You're not showing that one has more than the other or less of another.
 You're just seeing if they're related or if they're related to each other. So most of these tests I've been talking about. So most of these tests I've been talking about and a lot of the common tests that you've heard about like t tests and novas correlations. They assume that your data is normally distributed, that it follows that blue distribution with that black line that I gave you in all the examples before. All these tests assume that your data follows these parameters and abides by these rules.
 This is called the assumption of normality. And when you use statistical tests on normally distributed data, these are generally referred to as parametric tests. Examples of these then again are t tests, and novas, correlations, and regressions. So the first step out of the first key step out of any statistical analysis is to see how your data is distributed. So you want to see if it follows normal distribution or it's a non-normal distribution.
 And to do that, there's a couple of different tests you can use. And to do that, there's a couple of different tests you can use. You can use the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test, or you can use the Shapiro-Wilk test. They both tell you the same thing. They're slightly different, but they tell you in essence the same thing. And just a little word of advice here. When you have a significant p-value from one of these tests, this generally indicates that your data deviates from normality. So you have non-normal data and you have to treat it as such.
 Excuse me. Then after you finish step one, to see how your data looks and how it's distributed, you have to think of the proper test to use. Are you going to use parametric tests for normal distribution? Are you going to use non-parametric tests if your data is not normally distributed? So again, examples of parametric tests are t tests, inovas, and for correlations, we would call them a Pearson's correlation. And the counterparts, if you're doing non-normal,
 non-normal distribution tests, using non-parametric tests, the counterpart to a t-test would be a Wilcox test, or a Mann-Whitney-U test, the counterpart to a NOVA's would be a Crisco-Wallace test, and the non-parametric correlations are Spearman's correlations. So let me talk a little bit more now about the parametric tests. So let's talk about t-tests. The most common type of statistics people hear, the most common type of statistic reported, and the most
 common type of statistics is a common type of statistic. So a t-test compares the means of a single continuous variable between two groups. So for an example, let's go back to my lovely Bue distribution that I keep on loving going back to, and let's compare our group then to another group of people that make a little bit more than they do. So this group of people, I don't know what they do, but they make about 80,000 euro a year, with about the same standard
 group of people that are not going to be able to do that. So that's what I'm going to say. So I'm going to show you a little bit more about the same. So I'm going to show you a little bit more about the same thing. So let's say the next step, but the next step, we'll show you a little bit more about the same type of statistic, but the next step is that the first step is that the first step is that the first step is to the first step is to the first step is to the first step. So you can see the second step is to the first step is to the first step is to the second step. So you can see the next step is to the next step is to the first step. So you can see the next step is to the next step, and the next step is to the second step is to the next step.
 So the next step is to the next step is to the next step.
 would be your p-value. If you include all of these numbers, these metrics, it really gives somebody who has a grasp of statistics a better idea of the statistical test outcome that you just did. One of the first obstacles you run into when you wanna do t-tests is that generally the software will ask you, do you wanna do a student's t-test or an unpaired t-test? Or do you wanna do a paired t-test? Well, what the heck's the difference?
 If you run a student's t-test or otherwise called unpaired t-tests, it compares two different groups. So like in our previous example, there was two separate groups of people that had separate incomes and they were different from one another, so they were independent groups. And we're comparing a continuous variable, which is income, between these two independent groups. If you have a paired t-test, however, you are comparing the same group at different points.
 So let me give you an example. So again, if we're doing an unpaired students t-test, it's the same as our first example. We have our first sample group, we have our second sample group that makes a lot more, and we're all comparing the continuous variable, which is income in this case. So this would be, we'd run an independent or also called a student's t-test. If we have instead the same group of people, but measured
 at two different time points. So say we took those STEM PhD students at two different time points. So say we took those STEM PhD students and after they finished their PhDs four years later, when they all had very successful jobs, like all the PhDs will, when we measure them four years later, we saw that they had a much different income. However, if we ran t-tests, we'd have to do a paired t-test because these are, it's the same group measured twice. So the test parameters change. I'm not going to get
 into the details of the details of why those changed because that's a more detailed statistical discussion, but this is important for the statistical software to understand when it's calculating your p-values. You report both the p-values exactly the same, like I showed you before, but you just have to know if your two different groups are related or not. Next, we'll talk about ANOVA's, which is also a common term that you hear in the literature. So what we're
 is an ANOVA. An ANOVA compares the means of one continuous variable between more than two, two or more groups. So t-test you're comparing two groups whereas with ANOVA's you can compare multiple groups. However with an ANOVA it doesn't tell you where the difference lies specifically within your groups. It will tell you if somewhere between your... so say you have five groups. It will say that in between those five
 groups there's a difference somewhere but then you have to do more tests to figure out where that difference lies. Let me explain this to you now with an example. So this is research that Henrietta and I do. This is the field that we work in in Alzheimer's disease and there is a group of people that get Alzheimer's disease that get it very early on and they have genetic mutations where Alzheimer's hits them anywhere from their early 30s to their early 50s and generally
 Alzheimer's starts hitting people in their mid to late 70s. So this is a much more severe form of Alzheimer's. However there's different types of mutations that will lead to this type of Alzheimer's disease and it's called early onset Alzheimer's disease. That's what this means on the x-axis. So there's APP mutations. This is the APP London mutation. There's an APP Sweden mutation. This is called presenilin 1. There's also a presenilin 2 mutation. So in this example I just made this arbitrary
 this is not based off of any data. This is not based off of any data. This is not based off of any data. I just use this for an example. If we have these four different groups then and we want to know if there's a difference anywhere between these groups we would first run an ANOVA. Well you might think well why don't I run a kajillion t-test. Well your answer is right there. You'd have to run one t-test, two t-test, three t-test, four t-test. You have to run multiple tests instead of just running one ANOVA. So this saves you a lot of time and will really
 really come in handy in the future if you have to run a lot of time and will really come in handy in the future if you have to do a lot of analysis. So if I give you then some numbers associated with these different types of mutations. So this is all arbitrary. This is just for the example. So these people with the APP London mutation they have the age of onset of their Alzheimer's disease is at about 42 years old. So age of onset is when they get symptoms. This mutation is a little bit older with this mutation. They're about 40 years old and this mutation
 seems to be when they get symptoms. The onset seems to be a little bit later in life seems to be when they're about 49 years old. Give or take six years. So if I would run ANOVA I would get an analysis that would spit out would look something like this. This is the software that we use in Henry Nielsen's group. It's called Jump. But SPSS and other software like GraphPad would also give you the same numbers. It would just look a little bit different but you'd all have these same numbers.
 So if you'd all have these same numbers.
 So if you'd all have these same numbers.
 So if you'd all have these same numbers.
 you'd all have these T-tests at first. So if you'd all have these T-tests at first. But now that we know that there's something going on with our data. Now we dive deeper and we do our six different T-tests like I'm showing you right here. So we're comparing all of the all the different individual groups. And then on the right hand side we can see all the associated p-values then from all the T-tests that we did. And we can see that actually for every single one of the combinations of T-tests all of these groups are significant from one another. However,
 there's a big how ever here.
 we can see that.
 that's a big one.
 in T-t.
 T-tests.
 T-tests.
 T-tests.
 T-tests. So our new cutoff.
 T-tests. So we're going to be a T-tests.
 values therefore not significant therefore there is no difference between these two pairs of groups when you do the Bonferroni correction. Now what if you don't have continuous variables like we've been talking about this whole time and we have categorical variables instead things like ordinal variables and nominal variables then we have to use something called a chi squared test not chi chi so it's like the word
 chi but with a k and when you use a chi squared test you're you're looking at the associations between two or more categorical variables so these are qualitative variables again not quantitative variables if you go back to our initial section of the lecture when we looked at levels of measurement so let me give you an example of the chi squared to make this a bit clearer so I just made up a little study here when people are in the
 clinical drug trial and they're responding to some drug and either they have a positive response to the drug and negative response to the drug or there's no response to the drug however with this drug it seems to respond differently to different groups of people taking it so cigarette smokers is one group alcohol drinkers is another group smokers and drinkers is another group and abstain meaning that these people do not smoke or drink so these
 are the people are in the drug
 in the drug
 what do we do not
 and green and green and green and green and green and then on the left now chi
 no just qualitatively we can probably see that abstain group is probably different than the smokers and drinkers because it looks like the frequencies of their responses especially with the negative and positive seem to be different however we don't know this until we run a chi square test and we run the chi square test we get a result that looks like this and again like in all the pink boxes before this is how you should correctly
 report your results so we have chi square
 in all the individual groups so now what if we start comparing the individual groups because these two groups
 now if we just compare the drinkers to the smokers to the smokers we get this result so now we get this result so now we only have 100 people so we had 100 people so we had 100 people in all the groups so now with 200 people we see that there is our p-value is non-significant meaning that the difference is between the responses to the drugs from the drinker to the drug from the drinkers and the smokers was not difference
 so we have a lot of different
 that might not affect your data
 and when we increase our sample size and when we increase our sample size we get a significant difference so this means that between these two groups actually there is a significant difference difference difference difference difference difference to the response to the drug between these two groups if you increase the sample size so increasing the sample size will always increase your sensitivity and in this case we really do see that there was something going on
 and then on top of this just to add a little bit more to this line of thought this is why phase 3 clinical trials like the example i'm saying here you have to usually use thousands of people in your end because as you can see if it's underpowered so we call this being underpowered if your sample size isn't big enough you can miss a lot of things that are going on or you get on the other hand you could have some false positives as well
 especially when you're dealing with patients and you're dealing with patients and you're dealing with people
 so the last little bit i'm going to have a lot of things that are going on
 you
 not always but it's not always but it is a sign that people are starting to get Alzheimer's disease and sometimes we'll show the severity but this is a highly debated topic anyhow in this study they're looking at correlations between the amount of these beta amyloid plaques and the amount of iron so they have an imaging technique here where they can look at different types of iron deposits in people's brain so they want to see if these protein plaques are correlated to the amount of iron
 so they're looking at the amount of iron
 in the amount of iron
 in the amount of iron
 they can look at the amount of iron
 so they can look at their correlations
 they have a lot of iron
 from 20 to 26
 and they require some type of care to get through their days.
 again and again. But I digress. Let's look at the correlations. As you can see here, they have a couple different correlations. So we saw before in our previous example, we saw a correlation like this in the bottom right hand corner. We saw a positive correlation, meaning that as the person's MMSC is higher, they have a higher amount of this protein in their spinal fluid. So higher amounts of this protein in their spinal fluid indicate that people have better cognition. So the lower the level gets,
 and the lower your MMSC gets, that means that that's a bad sign. So lower amount of this protein usually correlates to you having worse cognition. However, for these other three proteins, oh, you have to excuse me. For these other three proteins, you can see that there's negative correlations, which meaning that as the level of proteins increase, their MMSC goes down. So as an increase of this protein in their CSF,
 have worse cognition compared to this correlation where you see increases are associated with increased MMSE scores. So you always have to think about the different values on the different accesses and how to interpret those because a lower MMSE score is bad. But in many cases, a higher score in some things can be a bad thing. So always make sure to think about what you're looking at. Again, this is just a scientifically
 life lesson again. As we can see here, they all do the same reporting. You see the strength of your correlation, which is your R value. And because these are negative correlations that it points downwards, these are always negative. As you can see, the negative number followed by the P value. So they are all significant. And this one here, this is a positive correlation. So one more thing to talk about is what's the difference between correlations and regressions? Because you get a line and you get a relationship with a line.
 But a correlation just describes a relationship between the two variables.
 So that's the difference between the two variables.
 And that's the difference between the two variables. So I'm going to go ahead and dive into more detail about any of these topics if you'd like to or about other statistical things if you have some questions. So again, feel free to contact me. And again, good luck with everything. See you later.
